hey meet callum the world's best
detective
you ready for a ride-along let's go it
was a rainy and gloomy day
and detective callum was having a snack
in his office
suddenly a woman burst in and asked for
help
she said she had hung her laundry
outside to dry
then gone back in the house to watch
some tv when she went back
out her favorite dress was gone she
suspected her neighbor
jane she was always jealous of that
dress she even wanted jane arrested
detective callum wasn't impressed he
said she had just made up the whole
story
how did he know
it was a rainy day could be silly enough
to hang their laundry up outside
there was a speedy thief in town who ran
so fast
that no one could catch her after a
lucky tip off
the police saw a woman climb in through
a store window
they surrounded the store inside were
three women
detective callum was called in to
interrogate them and
identify the thief when the detective
arrived
he didn't even need to ask a single
question he knew
exactly who the thief was which one was
it
it was the third woman these two are
wearing heels
they wouldn't be able to run in those
things the third woman
is wearing sneakers a downtown bank was
robbed
there were two criminals but police
could only catch one of them
bill bill refused to say who his
accomplice was
but the police had already rounded up
three suspects
harry george and ben they called up
their trusty friend
detective callum the detective only
needed five seconds to crack the case
i'll give you seven
it's ben look he has the exact same
tattoo as bill
several women had gone missing recently
and even though it was a small town
police just couldn't catch a break no
clues for months
one day callum spotted the kidnapper
going into a small abandoned shed
when he burst in he found himself
looking at three women
they all said they were locked in this
small room and hadn't been
out in months but calum knew one of them
must be the kidnapper who was just
pretending to be a victim
the first woman said her name was
genesis she had been there about eight
months
the second woman tatum said she had been
there about six
the third woman chloe said she'd only
been locked up for about two months
the detective knew exactly who the
kidnapper was
do you
it's tatum look at her nails she has a
fresh manicure
six months yeah right
the owner of an ice cream parlor filed a
theft report
someone stole all the money from the
register he was only gone for like two
minutes
detective callum showed up 20 minutes
later there were three people inside
ainsley said she had been talking on the
phone with her friend
she hadn't seen anything red said he
just arrived a couple of minutes ago
joshua said he wasn't really paying
attention he didn't notice anything
so can you figure out who's lying who
stole the money
rhett said he had just arrived but his
ice creams
already melted liar
phoenix wanted to get her dad the best
birthday present ever
but she didn't know what he wanted she
decided to break into his laptop to see
what he had saved in his online shopping
cart
one problem the laptop required a
password and
phoenix didn't know it luckily there was
a note next to it
she sent a picture of it to her friend
detective callum
he solved it right away can you
the note doesn't make sense because it's
upside down
flip it over and you'll see a sequence
of numbers eighty eight
eighty nine ninety ninety one the
numbers before it
are eighty six and eighty seven so the
password is
eighty six eighty seven detective callum
traveled to a small neighboring city
where young women were being kidnapped
every day
four had already gone missing they all
lived on the same street
their names were ava bella celeste and
daphne
there were only three women left on the
street ava
riley and georgia callum had to act fast
who would be the next target
the women are getting kidnapped in
alphabetical order a
b c d the next target will be ava
mr coleman's mansion was robbed while he
was on vacation
he immediately called detective callum
everyone who had been to the house got
interrogated
sydney his sister said she'd gone to the
house a couple of times to find some
papers on mr coleman's desk
samantha the gardener said she'd come
every week to water the plants
asher the cleaner said he'd come every
friday to clean the house
calum found all three of their
fingerprints on mr coleman's desk
he now knew exactly who the rapper was
who
[Music]
it was samantha the gardener sydney and
asher had a reason to touch the desk
but samantha wasn't even supposed to be
in mr coleman's office
there aren't any plants in there a rich
woman was robbed on her private yacht
during a ferocious storm a witness said
they saw
kai watching the woman right before she
was robbed
kai denied everything and said he was in
his cabin at the time
writing a letter to his wife detective
callum asked to see the letter
five seconds after kai handed it to him
detective callum
put him in handcuffs why
kai said he wrote the letter during the
storm there's no way
his writing could be this neat when the
entire yacht was swaying around like
crazy
logan a young businessman was poisoned
in his house
detective callum was on the scene pretty
soon he had three suspects
logan's girlfriend michaela she said she
hadn't seen him that day
because she was busy at work next there
was his business partner
rob rob said they'd had an argument and
they both got pretty angry but
he hadn't poisoned logan the last
suspect was blair
the driver she said she wouldn't know
how to poison someone even if she wanted
to
who should detective callum arrest
look there's fresh lipstick on logan's
shirt
it matches michaela's but she said she
hadn't seen him that day suspicious
eloise found her friend fleur poisoned
in her room
she called callum and told him she was
walking past fleur's house
and noticed her light was on she texted
her but floor didn't respond
she got really worried so she broke a
window climbed in
and found her on the floor but detective
callum didn't believe her
he immediately arrested her for
poisoning her friend
why
eloise said she broke a window to get in
if that was true
the broken glass should be inside the
room but it wasn't
eloise had to cover her tracks so she
broke the glass later from the
inside a college student was robbed
during a flag presentation
detective callum arrived to investigate
the case and
interrogated several suspects kennedy
said that she was in the bathroom at the
time
gavin said he'd noticed that the
japanese flag was hanging upside down
so he'd gone over to fix it eleanor said
that the student who was robbed was her
best friend
she would never do that who's guilty
it's gavin he said that the japanese
flag was hanging upside down
but that flag looks the same either way
he's lying
someone stole a diamond necklace at a
private vip party
the police followed the robber into a
boutique store
there were three customers and they
didn't know who the robber was
so they called detective callum adele
said she'd never
even been to a vip party those things
are for wealthy and famous people
joseph said he'd never even heard about
the party
florence said she'd been in the shop for
the last half hour trying to find that
perfect
accessory who should detective callum
arrest
adele she's wearing a gold bracelet and
earrings
seems like she was just at a pretty
fancy event
maybe a vip party
[Music]
detective callum got word that some
outer space species had landed on earth
he had a special mission to spot the
aliens and report the information
he walked into a cafe aha i spotted one
who did he suspect
it's that dark-haired guy he has six
fingers
mr brown a wealthy businessman was
robbed last night
detective callum arrived as soon as he
could and questioned three of mr brown's
neighbors
mrs jonas said she got back late last
night
and went straight to bed mr polson said
he'd always wanted to see the ocean
so he went on vacation to bolivia he
just got back about an hour ago
mr tanner said he'd spent the whole day
working in the garden
and went to sleep around 8 pm who did
detective callum arrest
mr paulson he said he went to bolivia to
see the ocean
but bolivia isn't next to an ocean
richard ran into his boss's office finn
had just hit him in the bathroom
for not helping him with his weekly
sales presentation
but finn denied it all the boss called
his golf partner
detective callum he arrived looked at
richard and finn
and somehow knew that richard had lied
how did he know
[Music]
richard's bruise is on the right side of
his face finn
is eating a sandwich and holding it in
his right hand he's right-handed
if finn had really hit richard the
bruise would be on the left side of his
face